Methodology and practice for the CC1 - Written exam 

1. How he is called : x 
2. His birth name : Elon Reeve Musk 
3. His dates of birth and death : June 28 1971, not death
4. Why he is famous today : because he is the founder, CEO, and Chief Engineer at SpaceX; early-stage investor, CEO, and Product Architect of Tesla. 
5. A sentence he said and inspires people today : "If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough."
6. His childhood : Elon Musk was born in Pretoria in South Africa. He have his brother, Kimbal Musk, his Sister, Tosca and his parents : Errol Musk and Maye Haldeman. After his parents divorced, he went to live with his father. During childhood, it is a little boy harassed and victimized by his classmates. He sells his first video game at 12 years. This game is called Bastar, on the VIC-20 computer in BASIC language. It sells it for 500 dollars to the su-african magazine PC and Office Technology. It's a boy who reads out loud, especially books about programmation or technology.  He study in the Pretoria Boys High School and go to the Canada by obtaining nationality through his mother in 1998. He attended queen’s university. After that he decided to go to the United States (he obtained nationality in 2002) where he went to the University of Pennsylvania where he studied physics and economics. At the end of his studies at this university he was admitted to Stanford but decided not to go there to co-found with his brother, his first company: Zip2, a start-up made to help newspapers integrate into the web. He will have his first child, X Æ A-XII, with singer Grimes on May 4, 2020. The couple will end after 3 years of relationship. 

7. Why he is a significant icon : In 1999, he co-founded another company, still in the web field: the online bank X.com. A year later he merged with Confinity, a payment and cryptography company. This merger gave birth to Paypal. In 2002, Elon Musk founded one of the world’s largest companies: SpaceX. In 2003, Martin Eberhard Marc Tarpenning created Tesla Motors, the involvement of Elon Musk in the company will give a turning point to the company. He is the majority shareholder of the company and even manages to sit on the board of directors. He oversaw the design of Roadster products and became Tesla’s CEO in 2008. Tesla sees itself as one of the largest electric car companies, it will also sell lithium-ion batteries as well as other types of electric vehicles. In 2016, he created Neuralink, "a neurotechnology start-up to integrate the human brain with artificial intelligence (AI) by creating devices integrated into the human brain to facilitate its fusion with machines".

Of your choice : 
On May 6, 2002, Elon Musk created the Space Exploration Technologies Corporation: Space X. It is dedicated to the development within aeronautics and space flight. She is co-led with Gwynne Shotwell, an aerospace engineer. Space X wants to make reusable rockets, they develop falcon 9. After several failures, the objective is achieved during a mission at the Kennedy Space Center.  They created the dragon ship, a space freighter capable of serving the ISS with supplies. One of Elon Musk’s best-known SpaceX projects is colonization on Mars. In 2016, Elon Musk evokes the fact of landing a Dragon capsule on Mars. Gwynne Shotwell having declared 2 years ago, the will to make habitable versions of the Dragon. Its objectives: to colonize Mars in 2024, all thanks to the orbital launcher Starship. Elon Musk even indicates the will to want to die on Mars but without crashing on landing. One of the other SpaceX projects is the Starlink project: creating a multitude of satellites, "a constellation of satellites" so that access to the Internet is global. The goal is to reach 12,000 in low Earth orbit. SpaceX will become one of NASA’s private suppliers.